
Link to Examination Portal
NOTIFICATION
The Examination Wing of University of Delhi invites suggestions/feedback from the stakeholders of the University for making the examination system more smooth, efficient, transparent and well – timed.The proposed drafts for the three main examinations of the University of Delhi are attached below in the following order:

Delhi University Entrance Examination (DUET) --- Click here
Regular Examinations --- Click here
School of Open Learning /NCWEB Examinations --- Click here

Last date for submission of Suggestions/Feedback is November 7, 2016 by 5.00 p.m.

Evaluation Schedule - Nov/Dec 2015

Evaluation Under CBCS

Notification w.r.t. continous evaluation policy for practicals (related to CORE and ELECTIVE PAPERS) in the Choice Based Credit System (CBCS) to be held during Nov/Dec-2016
Notification - Ability Enhancement Compulsory Course (AECC) - I Addition/Corrections in CBCS Part i (Semester-I)
Notification - B.Sc. (H) Zoology Addition/ Corrections CBCS (Part I (Semester I)
Online submission of examination forms for Three Year Undergraduate Courses (I/III/V Semester), Erstwhile FYUP Courses (III/V Semester) and the Undergraduate Courses under Choice Based Credit System (I Semester) to be held in November/December, 2015
Choice Based Credit System (CBCS) : Evaluation of Core and Elective Courses, Ability Enhancement Compulsory Courses (AECC) and Skill Enhancement Courses (SEC) and Practical Examinations

Examination Notifications

Notification with regards to LL.B. II/IV/V supplementary Exams August/September 2016
Notification for Extension of Last date for submission of exam form for Post Graduate & Professional  under semester scheme to be held in Nov/Dec 2016
Last date for submission of Post-Graduation & Professional courses examination forms
Procedure for Submission of Examination form  for undergraduate courses
Notification dated 16-6-2016 regarding change of dateof exam of B.A. (Prog.) Part I Exam
Corrigendum of Generic Paper Microbial Metabolism Sem.II Exam May-2016 (new)
Notification with regards to Additions of Date-sheet for Choice Based Credit System(CBCS) Generic Elective Course Part-I (II Semester) (new)
Notification with regards to Ability Enhancement Compulsory course (AECC) -I Semester-II (new)
Notification with regards to Addition/Correction in Date-Sheet for Three Year Under Graduate B.A. (Programme) Course Part-III (VI Semester)
Notification regarding for B.Com(H) Annual Mode Courses
Notification of B.Sc.(Programme) Analyticsl Chemistry Deletion in CBCS Part-I (Semester-II)
Notification of B.Com for Addition in (Sanskrit) MIL Paper CBCS Part I (II Semester)
Notification datesheet for B.Sc.(Programme) Choice Based Credit system (CBCS) Part-I(II Semester) Examination, May/June 2016
Notification datesheet for commerce courses Part-III (VI Semester)Examination May/June 2016
Notification Datesheet for B.A. (Programme) Three Year Under Graduate Courses Part-III (VI Semester) Examination May/June 2016
Extension of last date for submission of exam form for all the Examination under Annual Scheme and regular/Ex-students of Post-Graduate courses under semester scheme
Extension of last date for submission of exam form for all the Examination under Annual Scheme
Last date of submission of examination forms for all Post-Graduate courses as well as ex-students to be held in May/June 2016 is Wednesday 16, 2016
Notification - Date-sheet for Three Year Under Gradate Course for B.Sc.(Hons) Mathematics Part-I (III Semester)Examination, Nov/Dec-2015
Notification - Datesheet for B.A. (H) 3 years UG Part-III (Ist Semester)Exam, Nov/Dec-2015
Notification for Extension of last date for submission of exam form for Post  Graduate Semester as well as ex-students
Notification for extension of last date for submission of exam form for Post Graduate Semester as well as ex-students
Procedure for submission of Examination form for Undergraduate Courses
Rescheduled Exam notiification for three year under Graduate Courses of B.A.(Hons,), B.Sc.(Prog.), B.Sc.(Hons), B.Sc.(Hons) Mathematics and B.Sc. Mathematical Science for VI Semester
Notification regarding last date of submission of exam form for Annual Exam, 3 Year UG & Erstwhile 4 Year UG Semester/PG Semester as well as ex-students exam to be held in May/June 2015
Notification regarding Extension of last date for submission of Exam forms for Annual Exams & 3 Year UG Semester/PG Semester as well as ex-students examinations
Notification regarding Extension of last date for submission of Exam forms for Annual Exams May/June 2015
Notification regarding Last Date for submission of Exam forms for Semester Exams May/June 2015



Notification related to submission of Ph.D. Thesis
	
		
			As per the guideline of the UGC following documents are required at the time of submission of Ph.D. Thesis:



Four copies Thesis (Three Soft Bond & One Hard Bond)Each Ph.D. thesis must contained these certificates: 1. Supervisor's Certificate for Exclusion of Self Published work (Duly signed & seal of the Guide & Head)2. Certificate of originality (Duly signed & seal of the Guide & Head)3. Student Approval Form (Duly signed & seal of the Guide)







Documents (photocopies) related to the Ph.D. Registration, Joining Report, Re-registration, Change of Supervisor, Change of Title, Confirmation of Ph.D. Registration, Confirmation of Title, University Enrolment Number.







Eight copies of Abstract







Three CD (Chapter wise) duly signed by the Guide




It is also required another copy of Certificate of Originality, Student Approval form & Plagiarism Report and Supervisor's Certificate for exclusion of self-published work duly signed & seal of the Head & Guide along with the Ph.D. thesis submission form.