
Delhi University Press (DUP) is situated in the premises of Delhi University next to the Computer Centre.Proposal for publishing platform alongwith form
 


Press Established on - 1st April 1961
Maintenance Grant - 1961  to  1974
Commercial - A/c. became commercial from 1974
Staff Strength Sanctioned Staff- 95 (Working-16 Vacant-79)
O.S.D./In-charge - Appointed by the University to look after day to day functioning of the Press.


 
SOP (University Press)
Terms & Conditions for issuing “No Objection Certificate”
Requisition Form For Printing And Binding
 
It undertakes all kinds of printing, binding and related work as and when required by the university and its departments, colleges, centres, hostels etc. Due to lack of infrastructure and staff, presently University Press prints Degrees, Answer Books, Envelopes etc. and binding , re-binding of A.C./E.C. minutes, results, salary bills, registers and rest of work is being out sourced through duly approved printers. Since University Press runs on commercial basis as per E.C. resolution dated 4th September 1973, so Press maintains two kinds of printing rates.
 


Printing rates charged to the departments (X)
Printing rates paid to the printers (Y))
Profit = X – Y


 
The profit earned through printing jobs is used for payment of salary, medical, L.T.C./H.T.C., Tuition Fee etc. of press staff and maintenance of the press as press employees are not paid by the maintenance grant. In order to meet these expenditures E.C. passed a resolution no.267(vi) on September 04, 1973 which states - "No printing works should be got executed from the outside presses unless and until the Press Manager certifies that he is not in a position to undertake the work".
 
The rules and regulation are framed by the Press Advisory Committee (PAC) duly constituted by the Honorable Vice-Chancellor.  The Press Advisory Committee approved on March 07, 2011 is as below:
 


Prof. Ajay Kumar, Dean Research
Prof. Diwan S.Rawat, O.S.D.(Press)
Prof. A.G. Vedeshwar, Deptt. of Physics & Astrophysics
Prof. K.Sreeniwas, Deptt. of Physics & Astrophysics
Sh. Deepak Vats, Nominee of the Registrar
Nominee of Finance Officer
Sh. Ram Dutt, Dy. Registrar (Academic)
Shri A.K. Sinha, Jt. Director (Technical), Directorate of Ptg. and Bdg.., Govt. of India, Delhi
Shri A.K. Prakash, Dy. Registrar (Genl. & Proc.)

Consultant :- Prof. Subhadra Mitra Channa
            
        
                    

        

            

            

        

    	
			
			
            Contact			
						
						
						
						
			     
                
                     For any information/clarification please contact :Prof. Diwan S. RawatO.S.D.(Press)Head, Graphic Arts CentrePhone No. 27667086